Highlight Admission controller+prep 1.20 (#13838)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/apm.md

### Configure your application pods to submit traces to Datadog Agent

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Datadog Admission Controller" %}}

> [Datadog Admission Controller][1] is able to inject environment variables and mount the necessary volumes on new application-pods in order to configure pod/agent trace communication automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Datadog Admission Controller][1] is able to inject environment variables and mount the necessary volumes on new application-pods in order to configure pod and agent trace communication automatically.
```

> To learn more on how to automatically configure you application to submit traces to Datadog Agent refer to [Datadog Admission Controller][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more on how to automatically configure you application to submit traces to Datadog Agent read the [Datadog Admission Controller][1] documentation.
```
